so the speaker here is Carlinhos Carlos
Queiroz is gay
one more r experiences today with something
very strange but it's kind of so much
strange even though I never even had
dreamed of seeing in life is who in Brazil
that I've never seen
see tai chi vegetables that she here in
down the break to the small screen and read
below the table below .
company and there is also this one
we bought mars and apologized in
market language in memory on top of
mirror hill
this not márcio this is more common
find it's beet beet
beet what has been in the
google translator who has the sweet potato
what are you trying here?
the calories and nutrients without
number on the table is here, it's good to eat
the service price that was most affectionate
she in that market then only gringo
us $ 34 here
this one is one and 99 if I'm not mistaken
already you know you should not be as good this
here in my here start by the goal
mars easy to open not to build
Here the open agonizing
let's try to prove a world every
Let's try looking at it until April.
must have something here en raba chips must
be all good, huh?
potato type I think the sweet potato
by the wrong color I'll get one of each color
that's just to prove that the toughest
strange a cone and vegetables by
half of that name that is even or who
never go back to their school here at
It is here now that the list of all a
two three four five six vegetables
funk
this business was to prove
triangle zinho here my name is that they
triangular save from the book has a
taste of doritos with the ego had to
home of each of these strange vegetables
so if these damages you commit now
bottom
so this is it here is for a good chip
strong can eat think it 's batatinha
because I like it very much like a
well- seasoned sweet potato has only one sweet
sinhá the stuff itself in the type of
Beets a little more from the hospital will
protesting more curious that is more expensive
when it is more expensive and more chic and
Japan go to another here is easier
know that from here we come on the market
regular who's found you a pod
chips
we saw to sell common market
also american
different from the one he has
the carrot pod zucchini pumpkin
zucchini goes to beets and rafa
difference
I'll get back to that here is the
of this package a guy and the gringo and that
here is industrialized from almargem
start with the beets chips again
well the grooves were all giving a
bite is very different from the taste of
another but very different a carrot
beet was denied dried beet is that
It tastes like seasoning only here.
so we feel the vegetable plant a
carrot liked it
a week kind of a little bit sun
the vacancy
will not be like vegetable that got less
healthy right?
there is also ne, but I do not know there looks
French fries
It was there that here is a potato
How much faster did you like Senegal?
You look sincerely at the end too.
but I prefer him hiding the raw
No, it's not just a curiosity to
You guys are so much nicer than
other allows even healthier
the other has a taste of longing between
Guinea-Bissau will last so long
are not made housed know she is
all the same format that is not made of
potato that can not consist of french fries
xix because the potato is more the same
design a clay the same as
colorful
This already really has a little taste
of the Member is not just another
curiosity in the United States if you like
Jewelry Shares Subscribe to the Channel